Before you can deploy your code,
it will need to be tested.
Writing tests is standard practice in software engineering.
However, testing is often a practice
many data scientists aren't familiar with when they first start in industry.
In fact, sometimes the insights data scientists come up with,
which are supposed to be used for business decisions and company products,
are based on the results of untested code.
This lack of testing is a common complaint
from other software developers working with data scientists.
Without testing, not only do you run into
execution errors in code due to software issues,
you could also be dictating business decisions and
affect products based on faulty conclusions.
Today, employers are looking for data scientists with
the skills to properly prepare their code for an industry setting,
which means tested code.